docs: recommend hosted MCP server and clarify local server scope (#79)
launchdarkly/mcp-server: README.md

# LaunchDarkly local MCP server

> The official local [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) server for [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) server for [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) federal and European Union (EU) environments.
```

<div align="left">
    <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" style="width: 100px; height: 28px;" />
    </a>
</div>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Most customers should use LaunchDarkly's [hosted MCP server](https://launchdarkly.com/docs/home/getting-started/mcp-hosted) instead of this one.**
>
> LaunchDarkly [strongly recommends the hosted MCP server](https://launchdarkly.com/docs/home/getting-started/mcp): it is more feature complete and receives more frequent updates than this self-managed server.
>

> > Use this self-managed MCP server only if you are on LaunchDarkly's **EU** or **Federal** instances, which are not yet supported by the hosted MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Use the LaunchDarkly [hosted MCP server](https://launchdarkly.com/docs/home/getting-started/mcp-hosted) where available**
>
> LaunchDarkly strongly recommends using the [hosted MCP server](https://launchdarkly.com/docs/home/getting-started/mcp) where it is available. The hosted server is more feature complete and receives more frequent updates than this self-managed server.
>
> LaunchDarkly provides this self-managed MCP server for LaunchDarkly **EU** or **Federal** instances, which do not yet support the hosted MCP.
```
